M-FAC documentation and Tutorials (#358)
neuralmagic/sparseml: research/mfac/tutorials/one_shot_pruning_with_mfac.md

## Setting Up

This tutorial can be run by cloning and installing the `sparseml` repository which contains scripts and recipes for
this pruning example:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml.git
pip install sparseml[torchvision]
cd sparseml
```

## Inspecting the Recipes

To run both M-FAC and magnitude one-shot pruning, you will need two separate recipes.
For this tutorial, the recipes for pruning MNISTNet to 35% sparsity are provided
in SparseML. They can be viewed with the command line or by following the links below:

* M-FAC: [research/mfac/recipes/pruning-mnistnet-one_shot-mfac.md](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml/blob/main/research/mfac/recipes/pruning-mnistnet-one_shot-mfac.md)
* Magnitude: [research/mfac/recipes/pruning-mnistnet-one_shot-magnitude.md](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml/blob/main/research/mfac/recipes/pruning-mnistnet-one_shot-magnitude.md)

Notice that the recipes are identical except that the `MFACPruningModifier` and `mfac_options`
are used in M-FAC pruning.

> The remainder of this tutorial can be run in a single python REPL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remainder of this tutorial can be run in a single Python REPL
```

(launch by entering `python` in your command prompt).

## Applying Recipes in One Shot

> All SparseML recipes can be applied to a model in one-shot by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All SparseML recipes can be applied to a model in one shot by using
```

# create base data loader
dataset = MNISTDataset(train=True)
data_loader = DataLoader(dataset, shuffle=True, batch_size=16)

# wrap data loader to send data to correct device 
def device_data_loader():
    for sample in data_loader:
        yield [t.to(device) if isinstance(t, torch.Tensor) else t for t in sample]

# wrap cross entropy loss function to use correct output
def loss_function(x, y):
    return torch.nn.functional.cross_entropy(x[0], y)

# create grad sampler with the created data laoder and loss function
grad_sampler = GradSampler(device_data_loader(), loss_function)
```

### Applying the M-FAC Recipe
Now, you are ready to apply the recipe in one shot using the GradSampler.
Using the given recipe, the GradSampler will be used by the manager to collect 512 gradient
samples from the model before applying M-FAC pruning to prune the model to 35% sparsity.

```python
from sparseml.pytorch.optim import ScheduledModifierManager

manager_mfac = ScheduledModifierManager.from_yaml("research/mfac/recipes/pruning-mnistnet-one_shot-mfac.md")
manager_mfac.apply(model_mfac, grad_sampler=grad_sampler)
```

## One-Shot Pruning with Magnitude Pruning

> Magnitude pruning recipes just look at the pretrained model weights, so need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magnitude pruning recipes just look at the pre-trained model weights, so need
```

> no extra information to prune the model in one-shot. The recipe can be applied directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information is not needed to prune the model in one-shot. The recipe can be applied directly
```
